1. write a java program to create three threads using the thread class and run them concurrently. each performing a different task.
task 1 : calculate the factoirial of a number
task 2: print the even numbers from 1 to 10,
task 3: calculate the sum of digits of a given number.

2. Java program to demonstrate concurrent execution of three threads using the runnable interface.
task 1 : print odd numbers from 1 to 20 ,
task 2: print the uppercase alphabets from a to e and the
task 3 : print the lowercase alphabets from a to e.

3. Implement a java program that creates and starts a thread to perform a specific task. inside the thread, use run(_) method, use yield( ) to give up the CPU momentarily, use sleep( ) to stop the thread execution for a specific amount of time. Demonstrate the use of stop() method to stop the thread abruptly.

4. Write a java program which first creates a list and then determines negative , positive, even, odd numbers.

5. Implement a java program that creates and starts multiple threads with multiple priorities.

6. implement a java program, demonstrating the transaction in a bank, can be carried out concurrently using thread synchronization.

7.  write a java program for implementing the following interthread communication methods : wait(). notify(). notifyAll()

8. write a java program that uses a ArrayList to manage a list of student names.
perform the following actions in it.
a. add student to the list
b. display the initial list of the student
c. update the name of a student at a specific index
d. remove a student by their name
e. search for a student by name
f. display the final list of students
g. clear the student list

9. write a java program demonstrate the basic operations like adding, removing, updating, searching and accessing elements in a vector.

10. write a java program to implement a linked List in java. create methods to perform following operations on the linked list.
a. Insert node at beginning
b. insert node at list end.
c. delete node from beginning
d. delete the node from end of the list
e. search for an element in the list and return its index
f. display the elements of the list.

11. write a java program to use iterator to travel through arrayList and perform the following operations :
a. display all elements
b. remove elements that satisfy the specific condition


12. write a java program named HashSet and implement the following tasks within the program.
a. initialize a hashSet named unique_Numbers
b. populate the hashset with random integers between 1 to 20 , ensure that each numbers that's added is unique.
c. display the contents of the hashSet
d. implement a method named removeMultiples(int num ) which removes all the multiples of the given number
e. display the updated Set after removing multiples of 5.

13. write a java program that demonstrates the creation and manipulation of a linkedHashSet .The program should include the following functionalities.
a. create linkedHashSet of Integers
b. add elements
c. remove elements from it
d. iterate over the elements and display them

14. write a java program to demonstrate concept of dictionaries in java and display the contents of dictionary on console.

15. write a java program to implement JDBC connectivity to insert and delete records into and from a table.

16. write a java program implement JDBC and add records of employees with their names, ages, and salary into an employee table.
